It’s a contemplative adventure and an emotional exploration that captivated me from its opening moments.
Rarely do epics of this scope and intelligence reach theaters anymore; such serious commercial filmmaking seems like a market almost exclusively maintained by Christopher Nolan. 
While not all-together perfect, the film represents a monumental cinematic achievement that deserves to be placed high within the caliber of Nolan’s filmography.
The inherent message of the film brings hope, but it can definitely get waterlogged by intellectual speak and long-winded scenes.
Nolan reaches for the stars with beautifully composed shots and some mind-bending special effects, but the dime store philosophy of the story never achieves lift off.
Audiences are sure to lose their suspensions of disbelief over the nearly impenetrable climax.
...an often insanely ambitious science fiction epic that that remains mesmerizing for most of its (admittedly overlong) running time...
Scientists will debate, theologians will contemplate, philosophers will wonder, and cinema lovers will bask in the glory of another remarkable Christopher Nolan achievement.
None of these characters feel fully-fledged... for a film so rife with schmaltzy musings on the meaning of life, it's alarming how lacking it is in this department.
Interstellar is not Christopher Nolan's best film but what I will say is that you can't deny his ambition.
One of the boldest science-fiction movies I've ever seen, both in narrative and visual terms. [Full review in Spanish]
I guess the take away is all you need is love... and morse code?
The story is messy, there’s enough plot to fill two movies, and some of its characters need more attention. But this is still very much a Star Wars film and will evoke many of those same old feelings of kid-like joy and excitement for those who allow it.
A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, the creators of the new Star Wars Trilogy must be dedicated environmentalists, because they keep recycling the same old material over and over and over.
The Rise of Skywalker is a satisfying and spectacular end to the third trilogy.
Adam Driver as Kylo Ren/Ben Solo is the best thing the sequel trilogy gave us. The film has way too many flaws, but my fandom couldn't help to enjoy every minute of it. [Full review in Spanish]
Capably made but misguided in its attempts to satiate its fanbase, The Rise of Skywalker marks some kind of end to the franchise.
The Last Jedi took some narrative risks that didnt pay off, but a follow-up that plays it safe hardly seems preferable. What should feel like an epic conclusion to a 42-year-old story instead acts as proof that the franchise has lost its way.
Daisy Ridley and Adam Driver are the MVPs of Rise of Skywalker. Both give their all in their final performances as Rey and Ben Solo.
A disjointed, rushed, and incohesive mess of fan service and B genre plotting.
Abrams knows when and how to play the nostalgia card without getting intoxicated with it, allowing us to say goodbye to the heroes of the original saga, but without removing the focus from the real protagonists of this story [Full review in Spanish]
The expected, soulless capstone of a four decade saga.
Jam packed with action and plot, The Rise of Skywalker gets bogged down with exposition and tying up loose ends.
ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT is more grisly, disturbing, and sadistic than any horror movie in 2022.
"It is a heartbreaking tale of lives taken, as well as a vibrant critique of the absurdities and caprices of war"
…The 2022 All Quiet on the Western Front does capture the zeitgeist, the hopeless, desperate feeling of modern life…
Powerful but flawed.
Far from the calculated tremendousness, it seems to me a disturbing and entertaining film, which reaches its point of solidity in the aesthetic values that capture the horrors of war and the moral annihilation of the soldiers. [Full review in Spanish]
The first 13 minutes of the film lay out an absolutely wonderful little horror story.
...has the explicit immediacy of Saving Private Ryan and the bureaucratic, bird’s-eye-view of Paths of Glory.
An immersive authentic anti-war remake - with a total of nine Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture - it's a best bet to win an Oscar in the International category.
What is a soldier without war?
... The film’s story loses none of its power in this retelling, thanks largely to co-writer/director Edward Berger’s eye for the cruel details of warfare and his understanding of the way it churns up everyone on the frontlines. 
When you try to take DC characters and turn them into Marvel characters, they're not as appealing. [The film] tried too hard to be likable.
Diverting but not engrossing, expensive but cheap-looking, action-packed but not exciting, amusing but not funny.
If there is one thing to take away from Justice League, is how wrong DC has been running their universe since 2013.
It feels like the cinematic equivalent of blagging your way through an exam you failed to revise for.
The problem isn't the material but the sheer volume of it.
They are no match for the Avengers when it comes to entertaining us. The Marvel bunch fizz with energy and wit. This lot are far too dark and brooding to be much fun, and they spend ages hanging around before we get to the action.
Made in part by Cruel & Unusual Films - an irony that might be lost on the production company.
I'm not even sure it's an actual movie. It's a two-hour trailer with some okay visuals and some decent sound design.
It is a film with a faulty assembly, as boring and exhausting as the predecessor. [Full review in Spanish]
Dunkirk was a pivotal early moment in World War 2 and the Dunkirk spirit is something that has lived on through those most closely affected by it. Christopher Nolan brings it to the screen through an incredibly immersive and propulsive experience. 
Audiences are quite understandably going to consider Dunkirk a war film, quite possibly one of the great war films of our age. Christopher Nolan's tenth picture is possibly an even better survival horror movie.
Nolan has crafted an impressive tribute to the survivors and the grand-scale efforts of the British people, resulting in the essential film about Dunkirk yet made.
At 106 minutes, Dunkirk is one of the shortest films of Nolans career but on par with The Dark Knight as his best.
A film that vindicates the struggle of the anonymous heroes, solidarity, and highlights the importance of not giving up in the most adverse moments, where everything seems to be lost. A very necessary message for the times we live [Full review in Spanish]
Nolan's strength here is his ability to place audiences right into the thick of the various struggles taking place by air, land and sea.
Packing heart, visual flair and the acting debut of a certain Harry Styles, war movies don't get more gripping than this Christopher Nolan epic.
If one can ignore the infuriating narrative structuring, there are plenty of technical achievements worth seeing.
It's an emotional gauntlet, as you'll be glued to the edge of your seats with your eyes staring at the screening.
A good film. Nothing else.
Christopher Nolan recreates the World War II evacuation of Dunkirk by fracturing the narrative across three overlapping timelines: an hour in the air with Tom Hardy, a day at sea with Mark Rylance, and a week on shore with Kenneth Branagh.
Dunkirk is more than just a war film. You're watching a survival horror film, a psychologically, relentless suspense trip that Hitchcock would be proud of. It results in a film that leaves you breathless.
The visual presentation is moody and comfortless yet perfectly appropriate. And the music from Fincher favorites Atticus Ross and Trent Reznor creates atmospheres of tension.
More than the poetry of misdirection, more than disappearances or curdling doubt, more than sinister motives or cunning manipulation, and more shocking than a singularly violent, bloody death, David Fincher's Gone Girl is a portrait of marriage.
Employing crisp cinematography, atmospheric sound design, and an incredibly effective score, Fincher manages to utilize many of these crafts to create an engaging premise that sells an intriguing thematic insight.
Fincher combines a maze-like plot with brutal drama to create an unmissable thriller.
Not great art, but it is an artfully made potboiler with memorable performances and slick direction that will keep you guessing until the end.
Gone Girl not only entertains, but engages the viewer. This is one creepy masterpiece.
Deliciously twisted!
Built with a masterful touch.
Watching Gone Girl was like watching Fatal Attraction, Misery and War of the Roses all wrapped up in one and yet you still couldn't get close to what this film was.
Gone Girl is a very shocking psychological thriller, where even marriage is a devilish game of psychopaths. [Full review in Spanish]
The film was one shocking surprise after another. A dark, entertaining, runaway bullet train.
The Matrix Resurrections can be merited for its attempt to honor its predecessors, even if it becomes distracted by trying to please its parent studio.
Out of everyone in Resurrections, my two favorite characters are Jessica Henwick as Bugs and Jonathan Groff as Smith. They give the best performances in the movie, though the whole cast is strong, and they offer us something fresh within the Matrix lore.
Never mind blue pills and red pills. The bitterest pill to swallow is the fact that The Matrix Resurrections is okay but it is not The One.
A high octane, nostalgic thrill ride with a little bit too much self awareness and an unnecessarily convoluted (even by Matrix standards) plot. 
“Resurrections” is a slog, overburdened by endless exposition and lacking anything that feels remotely fresh.
There's no denying the aspiration to create a story that revels in both provocative themes and thrilling large-scale entertainment.
The Matrix Resurrections is one of the most ambitious and self-referential blockbusters you're likely to see, but it isn't anywhere near as clever as it thinks it is.
Red pill or blue pill? When it comes to The Matrix Resurrections, might as well take a sleeping pill.
Scorsese depicts an intriguing and marvelously loathsome human beast in its natural setting, where the verdict on its judgment lies in the hands of its audience.
"The Wolf of Wall Street" doesn't want to be lovable.  It just wants to remind you how excessive wealth can get and catch you being entertained by it.  You can't target excessiveness to hate without being excessive in its depiction.
The weakest of the five collaborations between Martin Scorsese and Leonardo DiCaprio. There's little here that expands on corporate raider Gordon Gekko's mantra that "Greed ... is good."
At three hours it's almost as excessive as Balfort's $26,000 dinners. It feels a bit long, but like the spoiled brats it portrays, it will not, and cannot, be ignored.
Conflict and, most surprisingly, consequences, are absent.
Margot Robbie makes a star-making turn.
In an all-too-familiar capitalism-gone-rogue world, [Scorsese] offers an uncompromising portrait of Wall Street hedonists' unscrupulous excesses.
If this film doesn't shock you about how people abuse the system to get abundantly rich - I don't know what film will.
It epitomizes the corruption of the American dream in an extravagant way. [Full review in Spanish]
Martin Scorsese roars back to the screen with The Wolf of Wall Street, a three-hour marathon stuffed with dark humor, gross-out gags, a fistful of Quaaludes and one awesome performance by Leonardo DiCaprio.
Terence Winter, creator and writer of The Sopranos, has written a marvelously comedic script, with howlingly funny bits of dialogue. But perhaps its most magnificent accent is the delightful DiCaprio in perhaps his best union yet with Scorsese.
The Wolf of Wall Street isn't a film: it's a party. But so what? We're all invited.
Though the narrative doesn’t contain all of the dramatic pull implied by the title, for its technical and visceral achievements, Gravity is still something of a visual revelation.
For me the initial experience was unforgettable. Completely original, strikingly bold, and brilliantly made.
While its screenplay doesn't entirely take off, its sound and visuals make this journey into outer space an unforgettable cinematic experience.
A few twists and unpredictable scenarios pop up to keep the intrigue alive for an impressive length, but a lack of solid character development and plot cheapens the momentum.
Gravity doesn't so much immerse you in its cinematic experience as it simply takes you there and sets you down among the stars.
[Gravity] is not just a spectacle that shows us the beauty and horrors of space but also a survival tale and a tale about grief.
As a sci-fi geek, Gravity naturally ticks all the boxes that I expect from a sci-fi film and reminds me why I fell in love with the genre in the first place.
At the end of the getaway, Gravity is a film that will be talked about for many years to come, and not because of the realistic approach to space, but because of its technical originality. [Full review in Spanish]
Cuarón has created an absolutely singular experience that is a marvel to watch.
A look at the interconnectedness between human beings internationally. How our actions and decisions can affect/impact people around us and even in other countries.
The acting is exceptional, allowing the loosely connected storylines to garner greater gravity.
[Iñarritu] has captured humanity in all of its flawed glory - fallen yet beautiful, tragic yet hopeful - all crying out to be heard.
There are moments when a lot is left unsaid. There's a remarkable stillness and delicacy as the music and images interplay and do all the talking.
An irredeemably overdetermined, far-fetched and transparently schematic piece.

Babel is a beautifully depressing film about responsibility, redemption, and ultimately that there are consequences to people's actions, regardless of who they are and where they live.
Director Alejandro González Iñárritu and writer Guillermo Arriaga have fashioned their ideas with conviction and obvious care.


...language acts more as a means to distance and isolate us than aid in our understanding of one another.
When he wrote this last line of his screenplay, Quentin Tarantino must have felt the same way about Inglourious Basterds, a film which embodies all the traits of a great Tarantino film, yet also encompasses the director's palpable love for cinema.
[Inglourious Basterds] is quintessentially Tarantino and a masterpiece that will be considered a classic fifty years from now.
Fans will find plenty to love with the ample servings of clever dialogue, a spattering of brutal violence, and a revenge story built for a truly explosive conclusion.
Waltz gives the film's most satisfying performance.
Inglorious Basterds is glorious!!!!! The film is so enjoyable, so entertaining, so smartly written, so well crafted, so beautifully lensed and so well acted that I didn't want it to end.
Inglourious Basterds is bold, brazen and satisfying in the extreme.
It's very, very entertaining. It's also, of course, pretty violent, and the kind of inventive, colorful violence his fans have come to know and love.
...Inglourious Basterds is Tarantino's best film.
It's clever, riotously amusing in parts, and does have some salient points to make about the relativity of the acceptance of violence.
You have to respect Tarantino's vision, moral aversions or not. But the result this time feels like a great idea that ranged out of hand.
When Tarantino sent this message to moviegoers in 2009, it's unlikely that he imagined how relevant it would be in 2019.
However, despite the aspects that can make loving Tarantino a slog, he has moments of true cinematic greatness that cannot be ignored.
It's funny. It's violent. It's funny and violent. The acting is unbelievable. Pitt is charming as the icy killer, and it's clear Tarantino has found his new muse in Laurent.
From the opening moments (Tarantino's films always start strong), the film establishes itself as the auteur's best work.
A groundbreaking technical achievement in filmmaking. The impressive visual effects and amazing world building more than make up for one of Cameron's weaker stories. [Full review in Spanish]
Three hours breeze into deep relationships, action-packed sequences, and a tale that deserves to be repeatedly seen in cinema. #diandrareviews
It’s not just that we’ve seen the tale before… it’s that every aspect of the screenplay is terrible.
The emotional stakes presented in the final battle make it so powerful, going beyond the physical scale of the sequence and what the visual effects artists achieved to create a stunning, rousing piece of filmmaking.
Thirteen years after its release, 'Avatar' still proves to be an exceptional blockbuster that makes the most of a simple and predictable story, to develop a visually awesome and emotional experience that must be had in the cinema. Full review in Spanish.
[W]atching Avatar‘s 4K HDR format on IMAX 3D looks more incredible and visually stunning than the original 3D version in 2009.
James Cameron’s been conjuring in his fevered imagination for as long as twenty years: a true ripper. Of all the things that can and will be said about <I>Avatar</I>. is that it’s the one 2009 feature drawing from the War in Iraq that could make a mint. 
The same concepts are repeated over and over, and the sense of wonder gets lost progressively until it reaches a final struggle as spectacular as it is empty. [Full review in Spanish]
Functioning as both an action-packed war movie and an allegory for our own beleaguered planet, Avatar smashes big set pieces together with big emotion to rousing effect. 
The level of detail and creativity surrounding the look of director James Cameron's new world is simply astonishing.
A perfect blend of visual designs and imaginative storytelling.
An absolute triumph.
Here's a movie that ultimately goes to the dogs (Dug!), and it still deserves enthusiastic thumbs up.
A perfect blend of humor and heart, mixed with rousing adventure and spectacular animation.
The geniuses at Disney/Pixar continue to elevate the art of the animated film with Up, their latest cinematic achievement.
Up is breathtaking in its imaginative detail and astonishing in its emotional range.
There might not be a more dependable name in all of Hollywood than Pixar, and their tenth animated feature, Up, continues the studio's remarkable hot streak.
The craft on display is impeccable like every Fincher production, and there’s an equally brilliant screenplay to support him.
Much, much better than a film about Facebook has any right to be...
Who knew coding and depositions could be exciting? Fincher's direction is surgical, Sorkin's script is a thing of beauty and the young cast is superb. The Social Network is outstanding. [Full review in Spanish]
The combination of rapid fire dialogue, driven performances, and impeccable editing give The Social Network an incredible sense of energy.
Decent intrigue, rivalrous backstabbing, and a little courtroom-style contention.
It's a gripping adaptation of Ben Mezrich's book, which paints Zuckerberg as both arrogant opportunist and naive underdog.
An extraordinarily good film featuring a more disciplined Fincher, a more visual Sorkin, and a cast that works together to bring it all to vibrant and disturbing life.
The Social Network is a very smart film about very smart people, and more importantly, the relationships of those people.
The Social Network isn't only a great film but it's a classic for a new era in filmmaking.
he pairing with Sorkin has helped Fincher create his best film to date.
Inception’s inspiring imagination and ingenious innovation are still as staggering and stimulating today as they were ten years ago.
 ...a modern cinematic masterpiece.
Blows up completely the notion of reality based on an extraordinary overlay of Borgian levels... [Full review in Spanish]
Nolan's "dream within a dream" heist film, not only keeps you on the edge of your seat with incredible visual effects and memorable action set pieces, but also makes you a part of the puzzle-solving team from beginning to end. [Full review in Spanish]
"They say we only use a fraction of our brain's potential" we are told in Inception. The same will never be said of Nolan.
Mind-blowing doesn't even begin to describe director Christopher Nolan's latest foray into the mystifying realm of the subconscious.
Joseph Gordon Levitt gives the film's workhorse performance with tremendous heart and muscle.
Inception is a different kind of heist film but it is hard to imagine it coming from any filmmaker other than Christopher Nolan.
Overall, the film is one of a kind, a masterpiece and a work of art so to speak. The superior musical score that accompanies the film heightens the suspense and adds to the mystery sequences.
Nolan masterfully weaves all these elements together, creating a second act that is breathtaking, suspenseful and thought-provoking...unfortunately, it takes us a good hour for us to get there.
Lose yourself in Chris Nolan's dream-world. You may never want to wake up.
A smart summer thriller filled with visionary set pieces, grand imagery and exciting twists, but its lack of an emotional center keeps it just short of greatness.
You'll laugh, you'll barf, you'll probably be a bit bored in places. But if you can make it through all this you'll find a film that'll probably make your heart skip a beat too.
There are some creative visual tricks and a little ingenuity, but five days of being stuck in a canyon doesn't translate well to a 90-minute film.
A good film featuring a truly great performance.
An inspired and inspiring cinema experience.
This is a one man show, and Franco sinks his teeth into the role.
Danny Boyle's hyper-kinetic cinematic vision for 127 Hours feels more than a little inappropriate and shallow.
An exceptionally made film, and further proof (if proof be needed) that Boyle is emerging as one of the most distinct directorial voices in contemporary cinema.
This is not a bloody movie or just a disproportionate drama, this is a movie about a single life, a human being, a man who thought himself invincible... [Full review in Spanish]
Incredible storytelling and examination of the class structure in Korea... Strong characterisation and performances create empathy from audiences, themselves becoming parasites to the film as host. Clinging on for dear life until the thrilling conclusion.
Delicate directing and immaculate production design make Parasite the masterpiece it is. Its social-study script belongs in a lab, as it comes with storytelling lessons that transcend language. Reason why it became universal. [Full review in Spanish]
With a delicious black comedy edge, some surprising jolts of heartfelt emotion, and a violent throat punch when you’re least expecting it, “Parasite” is a movie that keeps you engaged and guessing.
Here is a dark comedy from the great Bong Joon-Ho about class warfare that, depending on your mood, you may find to be a work of genius or too self-indulgent. One thing is certain, you’ve never seen anything quite like it.
This is a filmmaker working at the top of his game, aided by brilliant satirical writing that feels as culturally relevant as it is emotionally resonant. It is a flawless knockout in every sense of the word.
Though Bong calls Parasite a "tragicomedy" and layers the material with lively humor and his signature tonal playfulness, it's also his most furious and most fatalistic picture to date.
Bong Joon-ho has created something with Parasite thats darkly humorous, compelling, dramatic, poignant, and bittersweet all at the same time.
Episode 52: Jojo Rabbit / The Lighthouse / Parasite
My respect for Bong Joon-Ho is up in the sky, because he and everyone else involved in this movie pretty much knocked it out of the park on multiple fronts.
A bonkers, beautiful, radical, and drop-dead intelligent dark satirical tale of social inequality [and the] mock egalitarian weirdness of late capitalism.
Like Ki-Jung, Park So-dam is the standout in a film filled with strong performances.
Parasite finds a way to be visually stunning, thematically resonant, horrifyingly tragic and fantastically gripping while fooling the audience into thinking they are having the time of their life.
It is such a clash of different genres and moods that it may as well be considered genreless, and yet it all somehow comes together in such a masterful way that you cannot help but leave the theater in a state of awe.
I'll just come out and say it. Parasite is a masterpiece.
The film feels too insincere and hypocritical to take genuinely seriously on its theme of social injustice.
"The King's Speech" tells this very personal story of therapy and friendship in such an exquisitely grand and fulfilling way.
A brilliantly made Royalist drama...
While there is mild mounting tension, the crux of the film rests on a mere speech recital which is in itself largely anticlimactic.
The holiday season's must see film.
Sure, it's predictable. But Hooper is a fine storyteller and this is an undeniably fine work. [Full review in Spanish].
[T]his film is a genuine delight.
A strong and respectable drama that is anything but revolutionary, but admirably tells its story with dignity and grace.
Some people never learn. Which is why the great pedagogical movies are for all of us, every last one.
A brilliant Colin Firth leading a sensational cast with Geoffrey Rush and Helena Bonham Carter. [Full review in Spanish]
While there are few films that with look and sound as good as this as 2011 plays out, there'll will be even less that will be so misunderstood. Black Swan is a hoot. A silly, melodramatic hoot.
Director Darren Aronofsky has done an excellent service by showing how art has reached the extreme of a downward demonic trend. Now that we've reached that extreme, perhaps, like the yin-yang symbol, things will turn around.
It isn't understated, it isn't strictly a horror film, nor is it just a ballet film. It is a wild, primal melodrama that resonates because of the fearless and unapologetically strange work of its star and director.
The overuse of handheld cameras gives a heightened sense of voyeurism and immediacy, but it also exudes an unpolished feel.
It surprises me how many people question whether or not Black Swan is a horror film because it undeniably is - it's psychological horror at its best.
It is far more than simply watching a film.
Portman's best performance ever in an engaging story of paranoia that works fantastically. [Full review in Spanish].
Ballet and whiteness are inextricably linked, which adds another level of horror to Black Swan for non-white viewers.
A visually beautiful, horrifying and sad film...
Aronofsky's twitchiest and least likable work to date.
WWII drama has excellent performances; ok for 15+.
Tom Stoppard's script, inspired by historical events, commands attention with daring, dizzying twists, betrayals and manipulations. An intelligent examination of the dangerous impulse to categorize the unpredictable or unthinkable.
Steeped in the tense atmopshere of Wartime Britain, Michael Apted's semi-Hitchcockian drama centers on the mysteries of code breaking while at the same time relates a noirish tale of love, obsession and betrayal.

Tries to wed a wartime spy thriller with a noir mystery involving a femme fatale, which doesn't fully work.
For the great turns from Scott, Winslet and Northam and the timely reminder that the greatest acts of heroism are so often unsung, it deserves your attention.

The mystery doesn't revolve solely around guessing who the bad guy is -- there's a historical and personal context to the whole thing -- and the thrills are more cerebral than visceral.
There is still a good story to be found in “The Theory of Everything” despite its standard biopic flavor and rushed ending.
Redmayne's physical performance astounds, and Jones makes a wonderfully empathetic female lead. If only their performances were part of a better treatment of this worthy subject.
A standard biopic - there's loads of shots of Hawking furiously scribbling mathematical symbols on a chalkboard for instance - but Jones and Redmayne give this study of a scientific mind something special - heart.
While The Theory of Everything doesn't fully demonstrate the importance of Hawking and his work, Redmayne and Jones' performances are a beautiful tribute to the couple.
It is the performance of Felicity Jones that truly illuminates the screen.
It seems that The Theory of Everything doesn't have to theorize as much to prove that Eddie Redmayne is staging, perhaps, one of the best performances of the year. [Full review in Spanish]
The Theory of Everything side-steps the obvious aspects that shaped Hawking into the man he is today, but Redmayne and Jones deserve the praise in this somewhat biased biopic.
Standardly told, yet executing the complicated parameters and perils of the biopic quite satisfactorily, it may not be as brilliant as its subject, but it's a moving piece of cinema nonetheless.
The Theory of Everything is an interesting story about a genius, but it will be the performances by the Eddie Redmayne and Felicity Jones that will stay with you.
The Theory of Everything is the Hawkings' universe in a nutshell.
The kind of respectable, middle of the road biopic that always comes out around Oscar season hoping for awards.
The Theory of Everything is still an emotionally affecting drama of human tragedy and survival.
The Theory of Everything may not tell us the full story but the captivating narrative it presents makes it more than worthy of your attention.
In many ways comparable to the Ron Howard-directed A Beautiful Mind, the introspective The Theory Of Everything is a marvelous calculation of time and space that even the real-life Stephen Hawking can embrace with conviction.
 It definitely comes more into focus the more times you see it.
Even from a single viewing, an audience knows they have seen what surely must be one of Anderson's best works to date.
Wes Anderson's bright, meticulous style reaches its most complete expression in this painfully poignant period comedy. 
Something this exciting to look at and listen to, something this light and entertaining, shouldn’t leave a viewer so unsatisfied. 
It is a gorgeous movie; both comedic as well as emotional until the very last moment. Another great film by Anderson.
Wes Anderson finds a balance between his highly stylized artistic vision, story and heart.
No one crafts characters, worlds, and stories quite like Wes Anderson.
The film's wholly fictionalized history and its meticulously composed imagery overlay the darkest thematic innards the filmmaker has yet composed, near-seamlessly melding its war-torn heart with a Mendl's sugary coating.
It is a film best experienced with a heart and mind fully open.
There's a tantalising darkness just beneath the surface of Anderson's trademark whacky whimsy in his latest offering, The Grand Budapest Hotel, making it one of the year's most unforgettable films
At 45 the Wes Anderson metaphor reaches its peak and is still more polymorphic than ever. The Grand Budapest Hotel is another eccentricity of its world, where tragicomedy wraps itself of dreams without the need to wake up. [Full review in Spanish]
"Times have changed." It's an elemental Wes Anderson lament...
From Ralph Fiennes' dapper strut to Willem Dafoe's pointy teeth, every detail feels just right in the best film of Wes Anderson's career.
Joe Wright offers up compelling and timely lessons on conviction, persuasion, and the power of bipartisanship – all things our current governments could learn from.
Stirring though the proceedings may sometimes be, Darkest Hour resists absolute immersion so that its audience will notice how much effort went into its making.
Saying no to the devil after walking through the valley of the shadow of death for two hours should get a bit more love.
From the 4-star lead performance from Oldman to the expert direction from Joe Wright, Darkest Hour is a rousing success.
It's a film that delivers you everything you'd expect from it, handsomely produced, confidently crafted and risk-free.
Darkest Hour marries the mythological Churchill alongside the romantic fantasy of a righteous war.
Oddly, Lily James' Elizabeth Layton, a typist, is given a considerable amount of screentime, though her role is entirely extraneous.
The truth is that only Oldman's performance here truly matters.
Gary Oldman delivers what could be his finest hour, becoming Winston Churchill to declare, "You cannot reason with a tiger when your head is in its mouth!"
There is no doubt, had it not been for Oldman and the visually stunning composition of the film, Joe Wright's prelude to Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk could have been a completely different film.
[It] serves no purpose other than to galvanize awards voters and rack up its own army of golden little men, an effort that won't be spoken about when awards season ends.
It is a chamber biopic, in which we witness the bureaucratic decisions of a Winston Churchill who has been masterfully played by Gary Goldman, who, without a doubt, offers one of the most memorable performances of his career. [Full review in Spanish]
A naff piece of Middle England patriotic propaganda and historical revisionism. Winston Churchill's early days in office are depicted in nigh-on cartoonish terms.
Chalamet rocketed from obscurity onto the Hollywood A-List thanks to Call Me By Your Name, and with good reason: he didnt just give a great performance in the film, he gave the best performance of 2017. 
Call Me by Your Name taps into universal emotions that belong to everyone who has loved, and rewards our experience through luscious filmmaking.
While it's the simmering sexual tension that keeps you watching for most of the film, it's only later that you realise this is a character piece about a man's bluster and how his confidence does not make him strong.
The blossoming romance between these two men, that unfurls over six sun-dappled weeks in northern Italy, is utterly ravishing.
The actors are superbly convincing.
One of 2017's most engaging and loving films.
It frames the honesty of human feelings with a lucidity that transcends any sexual sphere. It is a good movie. [Full review in Spanish]
“Phantom Thread” reveals a dialed-back Paul Thomas Anderson in top form. His writing is spellbinding. His direction is daring and confident. The look of the film is as beautiful as rare Flemish lace.
Phantom Thread has more feeling and emotional range in its restrained drama than some of his other works - this is certainly the most raw emotion he's produced since Punch Drunk Love (2002).
A love story for narcissists, deceptively tender to the touch, an exquisite cashmere cardigan concealing its cold, cold heart.
In Anderson's world, love is psychotic and sickening and irrational - and it must be fought for.
If this is Daniel Day-Lewis' last movie, then he retires with a masterpiece bookending his illustrious career.
I kind of get the feeling that Paul Thomas Anderson doesn't completely buy into the whole idea that love is patient and love is kind and all that jazz.
"Phantom Thread" is a film to admire for its dazzling visuals and power performances, but frustrating to consume as an audience experience due to its shaky script. Beware of Best Picture nominees that lack screenplay nominations.
A sumptuously crafted masterpiece of icy opulence, elegance and a rigid yet bold humour.
There's a tactility to it all. But there's also a humor that underscores the grandiosity that Anderson so clearly loves, and in that way, Phantom Thread works best as a comedy.
One of the most original and refreshing films to hit the cinema in years. Jordan Peele's feature debut works as a smart dark comedy, satire and psychological thriller, touching on very relevant issues today. [Full review in Spanish]
Get Out is a razor-sharp horror movie with a wicked sense of humor and an adroit perspective.
Peele clearly aims to make a movie that can be several different things at once, but I’m not sure any of the film’s multiple identities are all that strong.
Get Out is essential viewing for the socially conscious horror fan.
Get Out is horror filmmaking at its absolute finest.
Get Out is perhaps the best terror tale since the mid-2000s served up The Descent and Pan's Labyrinth, two masterworks that, like this one, have much more on tap than just creeping out audiences.
Its sucker punch to the status quo has ensured it's impossible to forget.
Well told, impressively rendered, and creepy as all hell.
A smart, creepy, cliché-destroying horror.
Get Out is a horror film but like all great genre films it isn't just that. It could more rightly be called a social thriller, a film that looks at everyday ills - in this case racial tension - through the lens of a genre movie.
A tense, creeping drama that gets under your skin, makes you laugh and then explodes outward in the most satisfying, pulpy of ways. Get Out is all of those things.
Get Out is a smart, quite funny, and startling picture, you just have to see it.
Kaluuya is exceptionally grounded (continuously tossing around genuinely inquisitive expressions), making the eerie situations more realistic and more humorous.
Get Out is an achievement on a textual, metatextual, and subtextual level that is effectively a roadmap for filmmakers trying to build a political message into their genre fiction.
One of the best films of the year for 2017.
For a good three-quarters of his movie Spielberg brilliantly balanced two very different but equally enthralling stories.
To call this film of the moment would be a gross understatement. But more importantly, it's another deftly entertaining Spielberg film.
Meryl Streep, as we have come to expect, is a force to be reckoned with in The Post, spitting out mile-a-minute dialogue and wrestling with the moral dilemma of printing the Pentagon Papers.
The entire film is quiet and riveting.
The all-star, ensemble cast is fun to watch, but they're unable to save the story from its disarray.
One of the year's best and most timely films.
It's hard to believe that Hanks and Streep have never starred together and that Streep has never acted for Spielberg. All three icons collide in "The Post," providing a timely defense of the free press in a good old-fashioned piece of entertainment.
While it lacks a hard-hitting edge, The Post has all the elements of a classic Spielberg adventure.
Multi-layered rich visitation to the era of 1971, is a timely stirring masterpiece and a reminder of how far we have come.
Agreeing with a movie doesn't equal enjoying it, and a movie should never be safe when its lead is anything but.
It’s a textbook example of how bad things can go when you have such rotten tone management and a dogged fixation on your message that smothers your storytelling and character building. 
The year’s biggest disappointment.
If the purpose of Vice is to remind audiences about how angry we were throughout the early 2000s, then I suppose McKay was successful. But to what end?
Bale's uncanny take on the character is fuelled by a low key performance. He understands that Cheney knew the power of a carefully placed whisper out punches a tantrum every time.
Since the unconventional, bitterly ironic comic approach was done before by this same filmmaker - tackling an equally serious subject - its originality is noticeably lacking.
We're living through Donald Trump now. Do we really need a feature film to take us back through Cheney?
Christian Bale is uncanny as former Vice President Dick Cheney in Adam McKay's flashy, yet exhausting political takedown.
Depending on your outlook will ultimately determine the enjoyment of Vice. If you can accept the tonal shifts with its Hollywood filmmaking conventions, Jesse Plemon's narration and fourth wall breaks, then Vice is a wildly inventive biopic.
Either the movie is stupid, or it believes the audience is stupid. Neither is a good look.
Writer/director Adam McKay brings his usual bag of narrative tricks to bear, but he can't overshadow Bale's monumental performance
If you want to learn how to completely and utterly fail at satire, look no further than Adam McKay's Vice.
It truly is a movie of detail with each gorgeous black-and-white shot framed like a richly detailed memory begging to be examined.
Cuaron is a master filmmaker who creates true hyperrealism with Roma, a front seat to everyday life. It’s admirable in its approach and beautifully photographed, but there is an emotional disconnect that can’t be shaken.
Roma is the sort of film described as life-affirming without irony or pretense, as it reminds us of the potential for love, frailty, and unbreakable bonds between people.
A staggering swirl of life, a film that destroys and uplifts simultaneously.
In her first feature film debut, Aparicio gave a performance that though quiet in execution, was powerful.
Without a doubt the most essential film of Cuarón's career, and obviously, his most personal
A stunning piece of personal cinema.
The subjects are incredibly un-cinematic, as his camera documents - in a somewhat documentarian style - the lives and lifestyles of painfully average people.
A sensitive film that doesn't fall into triteness. [Full review in Spanish]
You end up with a very safe and conventional biopic that aims more at being a crowd-pleaser than an in-depth character exploration.
Queen was a group that broke down the rules for what a single or an album could be, and they deserved a movie that broke down the same barriers for movies, not this toothless wonder.
Like many biopics, it's a bit glossy when it comes to the darker moments in (Freddie Mercury's) life. but the affection for the music and the great man is absolutely there.. 
Bohemian Rhapsody alternates between an exceedingly bland dramatic shorthand about Queen and Mercury's life, and several long concert scenes that cannot help but enthuse the viewer.
Episode 16: The Age of Innocence
If you are a Queen fan, I think there's a lot to enjoy in this movie, because the performance scenes are absolutely fantastic.
Bohemian Rhapsody tells the dramatised history of the influential British rock band, Queen, with the limelight focused firmly on the late frontman, Freddie Mercury.
So forceful and enthusiastic that it's hard not to get caught up in the momentum and the impact of one of the most enduring groups in rock history.
The film never really strikes an original note, choosing instead to tap into all the biopic high notes.
Rami Malek is the movie and the only reason why it stands out, not much beyond his acting. [Full review in Spanish]
The film clearly has its flaws, rolling out more like a "Greatest Hits" compilation than a creative concept album, but the experience is so nostalgically infectious as to be irresistible. Forget the mixed reviews; they're just radio gaga.
 There are moments where the pace can stop dead in its tracks. Other than that, this film is amazing and filled with an emotional story, fantastic performances, and wonderful music.
While the story of “A Star is Born” may be familiar, there are enough good choices from Bradley Cooper to make his version of this ‘oft told tale’ feel fresh.
A Star Is Born is an example of top-flight romantic escapism
It's not easy to capture performances this raw, nor to write and perform songs as good as "The Shallow," as mournful as "Maybe It's Time," or as badass as "Black Eyes." Cooper does it all to an impressive degree.
A thoughtful remake with odes to each rendition that preceded it...
Filled with great performances and great music that will be talked about a lot come award season.
Could have been product, a glitzy film with a heartthrob and a pop star in the leads but instead resonates with real feelings and heartfelt emotion.
At its most sentimental or manipulative, Gaga remains believable, and her crooning is utterly heartfelt.
A Star is Born was just about everything I want my movie experience to be.
Exceptional music, it's incredible that Bradley Cooper's best role yet comes from his directorial debut. Touching human story. [Full review in Spanish]
“BlacKkKlansman” is a skillfully guised epic, far grander in scale than it may appear on the surface. It’s a film rich with metaphors and juxtapositions which we experience through the two main characters, both of whom are carving out their own identities
When Spike Lee’s upside-down American flag (sign of distress) turns to black and white then fades away, the curtain is pulled back on his audience. His latest is darkly funny while still packing some walloping emotional punches along the way.
Lee's most purely entertaining film since Inside Man in 2006, BlacKkKlansman has a timeliness that taps into an imperative national conversation.
Perhaps Spike's broadest and most well layered joint.
If it had been more artistically rigorous with the slapstick, it could have arrived at Arendt's 'banality of evil', and taken that point home with guns blazing.
Spike Lee has much more than a roomful of people for his audience and this is his fiery speech.
Terrific performances and fearless storytelling make BlacKkKlansman a searing document that defies the viewer not to react.
The performances win out, negating questionable inclusions and historical inaccuracies, making this biographical account a thoroughly entertaining, triumphant venture.
Spike Lee is an absolutely great filmmaker.
The chemistry between Washington and Driver is essential to maintaining the rythm of the film persistent and entertaining in a constant shift between crime and comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
A technical marvel to behold that puts you right in the heart of war but ultimately leaves you emotionally cold to the resultant horror and heroics of the men involved.
With “1917” Sam Mendes takes his audience on a perilous journey driven by a simple but tightly-wound story soaked in an unending tension. It’s a harrowing tale of heroism, friendship, and sacrifice.
1917 is a stunning cinematic achievement.
MacKay is simultaneously appearing in the lead role of Justin Kurzel's True History of the Kelly Gang, the latest film about the local folk hero who refused to take orders from anyone.
For experiences like the one I had in the theatre watching this is why I love film. Constantly asking myself how they did this. Probably Sam Mendes' best movie to date. [Full review in Spanish]
Unfortunately I dont see what most see in 1917. Respectively, I hardly feel anything except some respect for the technical achievements. But that alone isnt enough - it actually slightly damages the film overall.
The film's formal indulgences distract from its dramatic potential. 
What makes it so special is the balance between artistry and realism. Mendes reaches down into the mud and finds something beautiful. 
The gimmicky side of [its single take] fades juxtaposed to the perspective it offers.
In addition to Deakins, production designer Dennis Gassner and composer Thomas Newman also add layers of bravura artistry to create an experience that will leave you breathless, heart pounding and absolutely emotionally wrecked by the end.
1917, under the talented hands of Sam Mendes, is one of the best war movies ever made and one of the best of 2019.
The best thing about Ford v Ferrari is how effective it is in injecting its adrenaline. Christian Bale is incredible in one of the movies with the most impressive sound design I've ever heard. [Full review in Spanish]
...a rousing racing drama that doesn’t shirk on the human element. 
Mangold transitions flawlessly into the period and subject matter, as one might expect. He's among our most talented journeymen directors.
James Mangold proves to be one of the better working directors in the business today with Ford v Ferrari. The film features an impeccable cast, led by an excellent performance by Christian Bale. 
Episode 53: Honey Boy / Earthquake Bird / Ford v Ferrari
The sound design is almost flawless, and even if you're not a fan of racing movies, this one is for film lovers all over the planet.
Like an unreliable car, Ford v Ferrari works only in spurts.
Ultimately, Ford v Ferrari is an entertaining yarn, but possibly a movie that'll only make multiple laps around the track if you're a petrolhead.
A thrilling, playful middle finger to corporate conservatism.
Le Mans '66 is a polished film about a race to win, not about a race.
As expected, Damon and Bale are very good here, the former finding ways to inject sly humor into the stoic Shelby, the later reveling in Miles broad nature.
What makes this world so successful is the message. ... Negativity, like the trash, builds up over time when people are too stubborn to see the other perspective and compromise. There's a social divide in Gotham City that feels very real.
In the simply titled Joker, we get yet another version and this one is probably the most toxic of them all and not in a satisfying way.
As “Joker” slow-walks us towards its eventual maelstrom of iniquity, it never spells out how we should feel about its titular character. 
Joker is violent, raw, and hits closer to home than many are willing to admit.
Phoenix's preparation for and commitment to this role honours Ledger and his other predecessors, with an exhausted physicality, contortionist and Gollum-gaunt.
It's less a genuinely transgressive approach than one closely modeled on the work of Martin Scorsese, and thus more an exercise in homage than rebellion. Even so, that won't stop people from aggrandizing it.
Every decade has that one transcendent film that, as time progresses, ultimately becomes a classic for cinephiles. As the 2010s decade comes to a close, the one film that will undoubtedly age like a fine wine is Todd Phillips masterpiece, Joker.
[Phoenix as the Joker] burns like he were an archangel on heroin, a contorted otherworldly presence that under a different constellation of stars would have ended up a saint.
An instant classic that sees Joaquin Phoenix translate a discombobulating sensation from the screen to your senses, while director Todd Phillips creates a melancholic psychodrama...
A male rage manifesto with ugly societal truths.
It may not be a deep or realistic study of mental illness but it showcases Arthur's weariness at being treated as the cigarette butt under society's heel.
Take to heart the legendary director’s underlining commentary on the audience’s insatiable appetite and craving for the macabre, which seems to be the point entirely.
It’s a movie full of surprises, none bigger than this – I kinda love it. And let me get this out of the way – I think it's Tarantino's best film.
Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is Tarantino at his most human and mature; much like Jackie Brown, he relies less on referential material and more on exploring rich, fully developed characters who seem to live and breathe. 
Gloriously grimy, its a masterpiece of nostalgia, allowing (Quentin Tarantino's) audience to inhabit a world of low-lives and cults.
Overall, it's a good film with superlative acting performances that's well made and creates an authentic, immersive atmosphere of an idolized, nostalgic 1969 Los Angeles. 
In a world where franchises and reboots rule Hollywood, Once Upon A Time in Hollywood is a breath of fresh air as it cements itself as one of the best films of 2019.
Episode 45: The Farewell / Jackie Brown / Once Upon a Time... in Hollywood
An apt allegory for the delusional arc of Hollywood. Its internal downfall lies in the fact that this insight is most definitely accidental.
Pitt's performance is captivating, a smoothly mellow synergy of charisma and charm, but it is DiCaprio who steals the show, cementing his status as the best actor of his generation.
Both a love letter to the Hollywood classics (and the people who made them) that inspired Tarantino, and a melancholy reflection on career, legacy, and finding purpose in a world that has seemingly left you behind.
The iconic director juxtaposes a washed-up actor with a star on the rise in this mature and masterful take on the changing fates of Hollywood figures.
Specific in it's setting but universal in portrayal of how people react to the shifting sands of time. Funny, sad and occasionally outrageous, it's just like real life as filtered through a camera lens.
There is an old adage. Write what you know. In doing so [Baumbach] has delivered his most emotional, heartfelt, accomplished and grown-up film to date.
The enormous thing about Marriage Story is that presents life as it is, filled with gray areas and with disappointment amid happiness. Probably the best acting Adam Driver and Scarlett Johansson have ever given. [Full review in Spanish]
As we sit back and observe this cross-country separation, Baumbach gives us lots to consider: relationships are tough, splitting up is tougher, and for some lawyers divorce is a lucrative business.
‘…Marriage Story is the most mature work from Baumbach so far, a complex view of good people who find that goodness isn’t enough to immunise them against the insidious viruses of past-vanity and domestic over-reach…'
Marriage Story has much more on its mind than other films about divorce, which elevates it beyond the limits of its well-treaded subject matter and into a realm of extraordinary filmmaking. 
Marriage Story is a weighty, dramatic look at a once happily married couple going through the many painful stages of separation followed by divorce. It's anchored by layered, exceptional performances by Adam Driver and Scarlett Johansson. 
Baumbach's heartwrenching follow up to The Meyerowitz Stories is equally loud and anguished as it is soft and sweet.
Marriage Story is most simply a beautiful film about love , full of humour and heartache, that simultaneously wounds and comforts.
Both leads perfectly hit that elusive note of fragile human contradiction that could only come from an inner experience of real loss. And immense talent.
Noah Baumbach brings clarity to chaos in one of the year's best films.
A sensational blend of laughs, tears, love, and hope.
Even though [The Irishman is] extremely long, the way in which it depicts the themes of brotherhood and loyalty is superb.
A genuine testament of art of making cinema as art. [Full review in Spanish]
My obsession with Scorsese and this genre might not be healthy anymore. To the point where I found every minute of this movie interesting. The mob epic this director wanted to give us, throwing homages to the cinema that made him. [Full review in Spanish]
The Irishman is Scorsese’s Gangster Epic: A big, grand, ambitious rags to riches mob tale that blurs the lines between loyalty, friendship, and business. It might be the quickest 209-minutes in the history of cinema. Joe Pesci, welcome back.
You could say “The Irishman” is above all things a tragedy. Underneath its veneer of wise guy tradition and violence lies the story of a man facing the music for his embrace of mob life and neglect of his family.
The best comparison one could make to The Irishman is David Lean's similarly epic-sized Lawrence of Arabia (1962), a biography that examines its subject for four hours before conceding to its unknowability. 
The Irishman gives its audience so many emotions and is poignant, funny, violent, and beautiful. It is a modern-day mobster masterpiece from a master of his craft.
A towering achievement in storytelling not just cinema.
The Irishman is grand and ambitious, asking unanswerable questions about legacy, sorrow, and death.
A magnificently made film about the boredom of thug life.
The director's 26th feature film is a meditative and classy offering. Hollywood's old cronies are still the real deal - magnetic, riveting and unique. Let's hope we see them again soon.
The Irishman is a rare gem - it's everything you hoped it would be in a world where hype often manages to dampen even excellent films.
The Irishman is not only one of Martin Scorsese's best films (which is saying a lot), but also a tribute to all the crime movies in which its director has specialized (contributing masterpieces to this genre). [Full review in Spanish]
It’s a fantastic conclusion to the prequels and a satisfying segue to the classic original films.
The experience isn't fun; rather, it's the best of three chapters in Lucas dull prequel saga, which isn't saying much.  
Revenge of the Sith is by some distance the finest Star Wars prequel and though it can't quite sit on a par with the original trilogy, it skirts close.
As with the previous two prequels, space battles are the best visuals this franchise can deliver, easily trumping anything taking place on the ground.
Revenge of the Sith is the film which puts the opera in space opera; no other Star Wars film has done it better.
Star Wars: Episode 3 - Revenge of the Sith closes out the prequels on a much needed strong note.
[Lucas] almost seemed bored by the last two films, but his passion for Sith is very apparent onscreen.
This tells the story of the downfall of the Jedi and the rise of Darth Vader well, and that's all I ever wanted out of the Prequels in the first place...
The technical wizardry, the special effects, the ear-buzzing sound, the mind-numbing action and those magnificent light-sabres are all there.
It missed at points and hit home runs in others, but it was a great end to a fun ride.
Lucas is not a master of writing dialogue... but save for some exaggerated or somewhat absurd moments, "Revenge of the Sith" is a great "Star Wars" movie, a roller coaster of action and emotion. [Full review in Spanish]
Some of it is is truly, unmissably great. Some of it is hilariously awful, and some of it is awful enough to not even crawl up to the level of hilarity
There's still an organic, made-in-Jackson's-backyard feel to some of the battle and character scenes.
Well balanced and stimulating, the film alternates between intense action, light comedy, and sincere drama (a few moments are even reserved for romance).
Peter Jackson's epic adaptation is an impressive beast of a film that will steal your heart every time. It grabs you with its sense of urgency, huge scope and hope. The beginning to one of the best movie trilogies of all time. [Full review in Spanish]
[Peter] Jackson's ability to maintain the universality of a story is praiseworthy. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's hard to imagine any but the most nit-picky and dogmatic being disappointed by this epic, lovingly crafted movie.
Only someone with a pathological aversion to fantasy could fail to be absorbed and transported by this stunning, sincere and frequently terrifying adaptation.
The Fellowship of the Ring is a movie masterpiece thrilling, passionate and wise.
The aftertaste is somewhat schizophrenic: the founder of one of the pillars of our time was both a hero and martyr. It's a riddle the film doesn't try to solve. [Full review in Spanish]
The Imitation Game does a fine job of making Turing's life story accessible for mass consumption—arguably to a fault.
With its focus on the internal struggle as significant as the code-breaking itself, it sets it apart from its Bletchley Park predecessor, the decidedly wet Enigma.
Supporting cast and period production values are top notch, but it's Cumberbatch who excels, peeling back the layers of Turing's enigmatic life.
Unfortunately, the film suffers from a weak script that fails to properly educate the audience about Turing...and it also downplays Turing's homosexuality.
Manages a surmounting level of intrigue from both its deft performances and its shuffling narrative of past, present, and post-war events.
The accolades bestowed on this otherwise well mounted but incredibly milquetoast production is the political statement that the film simply does not have the courage to muster on its own.
It's right that the film is recognised for its dramatic performances, in particular Benedict Cumberbatch who shines in the role as Alan Turing. But ultimately once it ends you may feel you've seen better movies.
The curious thing about The Imitation Game, without falling into bombast, is that it breaks codes with the wonderful performance of Benedict Cumberbatch. [Full review in Spanish]
It is watchable and entertaining but more importantly it's a movie that reveals to the world a man who's achievements many more should celebrate.
Cumberbatch conveys tortured humanity behind the analytical façade, even if we also understand and even chuckle at how frustrating Turing could be to those working with him.
Restrained and tasteful in a very British sort of way, but it almost seems afraid to tackle its subject head on.
Gorgeously realised, engagingly witty and with great performances all around, The Imitation Game is engrossing and accomplished.
Keira Knightley is cut-glass and surprisingly convincing as Joan Clark.
People will have different opinions on the film depending on how invested they are in the characters in the movie. If you are knowledgeable of the characters and their stories thus far, this movie is flat-out incredible.
It’s a thrilling, funny, emotional, rip-roaring crowd-pleaser that serves as a fitting culmination of their decade-long buildup.
Infinity War is all about balance, in many different respects. Balance and tone, both of which, for a film with such ambition and size, are remarkable in how well they are executed. 
The audience is left drained, albeit thrilled, and as every great MCU title does, it leaves us hotly anticipating the next chapter.
Episode 7: Globalism
If you are remotely interested and if you remotely enjoyed the films of the MCU, this is a must watch. The Russo brothers have done it again.
An enormous action spectacle that never lets up.
Another mammoth slice of superhero mayhem...
The dangling nature of the story will be frustrating to some. For fans, however, the movie should deliver in a big way.
There's nothing new about Marvel's money-raking formula, but as each new chapter comes along, the serialized story becomes more and more unwieldy.
Josh Brolin does a fantastic job at bringing Thanos to life via motion capture without drowning under the motion capture. He's a brutal and unapologetic villain and is given an emotional backstory with Gamora that drives this story.
Expect gasps at the haunting lack of closure. I dug the daring finale. It's every bit as entertaining as it is shocking and refreshing from a franchise that is predictable no more.
Your level of enjoyment depends on how invested you are in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. If you've been with [the franchise] since 2008, "Endgame" is an unparalleled experience – unlike anything that has come before and may ever come again.
Avengers: Endgame is not just a culmination of the last eleven years of the Marvel Studios cinematic saga but also a celebration of everything people have come to love about these characters.
I’m not sure if I would call the great completion of the Marvel Cinematic Universe the best comic book film of all time. Still, it’s certainly the finest conclusion to a greater ideal Hollywood has ever put together.
From the very beginning “Avengers: Endgame” feels like something special, something unique, something unlike anything we’ve seen before. And even in its missteps it never loses that sense of spectacle and grandeur.
Who could have anticipated that Marvel Studios and Disney would release a three-hour extravaganza whose exquisite character-focused scenes outshine the FX-driven action?
Avengers: Endgame broke me, put me back together, and decided to cut me again in one of the most impactful cinematic experiences of all time. 
I'm just grateful to have the privilege to watch this along with the rest of the world. It's not perfect, but it has been one hell of a ride.
There really is very little that could be improved about Endgame. There's certainly no more that could be thrown at it.
There are [Marvel] movies that have been just as entertaining and a lot smarter than this one.
Feels like the end of the old cycle, the beginning of a reset. Old favourites gone, passing the mantle to others before they go. We even see a poster that reads, "Where do we go, now that they're all gone?"
After four years’ worth of building piece by piece against mounting expectations, Marvel and Whedon have managed to satisfy the majority of fan expectations, and in some ways, even exceeded them.
Everyone is invested in their character and not one single performer phones it in. 
Go back a rewrite the definitions for "unprecedented," "groundbreaking," and those other buzz words.
The Avengers, as a movie, can be best described as one of the most prominent examples of a crowd pleaser.
A perfect example of an ensemble cast and great example of well shot spectacle that also manages to actually develop a lot of the titular heroes as well. Great stuff.
The posing, evil grimacing to denote villainy, and arsenal of one-liners are at an all-time high.
The Avengers will undoubtedly please nearly all fanboys and most other moviegoers hoping for the quintessential popcorn flick experience.
The Avengers is an amazing madness that guarantees entertainment, fun and awe with the most fantastic gathering of heroes that cinema has ever seen. [Full review in Spanish]
'The Avengers' May Be the Best Comic Book Film Ever Made
Clever, funny, emotional, and downright amazing; The Avengers is a spectacle which demands repeat viewings. Joss Whedon has delivered what is quite simply an epic comic book movie masterpiece.
...not without its flaws, but Joss Whedon has put together an immensely enjoyable film, the best Marvel-based one to date, and one that is not in the least bit ashamed of its comic book roots.
This star-studded, action packed film lives up to all the hype.
Overall, Marvel's Avengers Assemble is fun, funny and downright entertaining. Joss Whedon did good.
I think the problem is inherent in the format.
For my money all of the film’s different storylines are told well even though there are a few small shortcomings.
It can’t compare with other entries in the ever-expanding Avengers universe.
Hemsworth and Hiddleston are enough to give this movie an A, but graphics are stellar and the humor is great. Whatever failures they had (...) are band-aided by that.
Thor: The Dark World isn't a bad film, but it's decidedly average, which in a "cinematic universe" full of really enjoyable films makes it stand out as bad...
Once the movie gets the exposition out of the way and gets into the gags and the action it hammers home the good stuff.
The effects-laden imagery provides genuine awe as the filmmakers parade an impressive variety of otherworldly sights through action sequences with thundering fervor.
It's also a film more grounded in emotion even amidst a serious amping up of the action that one might expect and hope for from a superhero film.
To give Marvel credit, even though the formula is basic, they remain incredibly consistent.
Regardless of the numerous plot twists, there are brilliant jokes and great fights, Thor: The Dark World is a fitting sequel for post-Avengers action.
All the audience needs is Thor and Loki together onscreen to make the trip an absolute joy and more than worth it.
There's a real absence of mystique and depth as hit-and-miss jokes/sidekicks dominate, leaving the viewer pining for the subtler notes from its predecessor - or even from Iron Man 3.
The movie single-handedly changed the status quo of a character more than any other Marvel movie. ... It should be commended for taking risks where other superhero films haven't.
Those not interested in continuity or source material won’t have any problems with “Thor: Ragnarok”.
Waititi infuses the film with such joy, fun, and candy-colored delight that its effect is energizing.
The funniest Marvel movie so far...
It certainly has a vibrant taste; too bad it dissipates quickly.
All the drama, romance, and mythological storytelling has been dropped for one major component: humor.
Marvel's comedic approach to Thor delivers on all accounts.
Witty, action-heavy, and beautiful to look at, Thor: Ragnarok is another clear winner for the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
The first time that Hemsworth has really lived into the fullness of Thor's potential.
Finally a live adaptation of Thor that's actually worth your time!
irected by New Zealand's Taika Waititi, it's the daftest movie from the comic book studio to date, shot through with the anarchically quirky humour in Waititi's films like What We Do in the Shadows, Hunt for the Wilderpeople and Boy.
It's when the second half of Ragnarok falls into the motions that it begins to lose its shine.
